README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm **Soham Gurav**

- 🎓 Third Year Electronics and Computer Engineering Undergrad
- 📱 Mobile App Developer

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### 💻 Languages

![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=c)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=c%2B%2B)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=python)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=openjdk)
![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=dart)

### 🧩 Frameworks & Libraries

![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=flutter)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=fastapi)

### 🧰 Tools & Platforms

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=git)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=visualstudiocode)
![Cursor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cursor-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=cursor)

### 🖥️ Operating Systems

![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=linux)
![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=apple)
![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=windows)

### 🗄️ Databases & Backend Services

![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=mysql)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=firebase)

---

## 📫 How to reach me

[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=gmail)](mailto:sohamgurav808@gmail.com)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/soham-gurav-a60734303/)

---

⭐️ *Feel free to check out my repositories and drop a star if you find something useful!*

Commit message:

Update README with contact info and GitHub stats
Added contact information and GitHub stats section to README.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm **Soham Gurav**

- 🎓 Third Year Electronics and Computer Engineering Undergrad
- 📱 Mobile App Developer

---

## 📫 How to reach me

[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=gmail)](mailto:sohamgurav808@gmail.com)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/soham-gurav-a60734303/)

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### 💻 Languages

![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=c)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=c%2B%2B)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=python)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=openjdk)
![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=dart)

### 🧩 Frameworks & Libraries

![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=flutter)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=fastapi)

### 🧰 Tools & Platforms

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=git)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=visualstudiocode)
![Cursor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cursor-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=cursor)

### 🖥️ Operating Systems

![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=linux)
![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=apple)
![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=windows)

### 🗄️ Databases & Backend Services

![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=mysql)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-black?style=for-the-badge\&logo=firebase)

---

## GitHub Stats

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=sohamgurav&label=PROFILE+VIEWS&color=007ec6&style=flat)

⭐️ *Feel free to check out my repositories and drop a star if you find something useful!*
